[IMP] activities: updating for 17.0 (#8728)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/essentials/activities.rst

- :guilabel:`Due Date`: using the calendar popover, select the activity's deadline.
- :guilabel:`Assigned to`: by default, the current user populates this field. To assign a different
  user to the activity, select them from the drop-down menu.
- :guilabel:`Notes`: add any additional information for the activity in this field.

.. image:: activities/schedule-pop-up.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of CRM leads and the option to schedule an activity.

When the :guilabel:`Schedule Activity` pop-up window is completed, click one of the following
buttons:

 - :guilabel:`Open Calendar`: opens the user's calendar to schedule the activity and add it to the
   user's calendar.

   Click on the desired date and time for the activity, and a :guilabel:`New Event` pop-up window
   appears. The summary from the *Schedule Activity* pop-up window populates the :guilabel:`Title`
   field.

   Enter the information in the :guilabel:`New Event` pop-up window, then click :guilabel:`Save &
   Close` to schedule it. Once scheduled, the activity is added to the chatter under the
   :guilabel:`Planned Activities` section.

>    This button **only** appears if the :guilabel:`Activity Type` is set to either :guilabel:`Call`

Author: It originally was but was recommended to move it down =D

>    This button **only** appears if the :guilabel:`Activity Type` is set to either :guilabel:`Call`

Author: I made this an important admonition block, so this way it's highlighted, and it's at the end. The other peer review just suggested to keep all the instructions togther and not break it up with the note- which sounded good to me.

   or :guilabel:`Meeting`.
 - :guilabel:`Schedule`: schedules the activity and adds the activity to the chatter under
   :guilabel:`Planned Activities`.
 - :guilabel:`Schedule & Mark as Done`: adds the details of the activity to the chatter under
   :guilabel:`Today`. The activity is not scheduled, and is automatically marked as done.
 - :guilabel:`Done \& Schedule Next`: adds the details of the activity under :guilabel:`Today`. The
   activity is not scheduled, is automatically marked as done, and a new :guilabel:`Schedule
   Activity` pop-up window appears.
 - :guilabel:`Cancel`: discards any changes made on the :guilabel:`Schedule Activity` pop-up window.

.. image:: activities/chatter-activities.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of CRM leads and the option to schedule an activity.

.. _activities/all:

All scheduled activities
========================

To view a consolidated list of activities, organized by application, click the :guilabel:`🕘
(clock)` icon in the header menu, located in the top-right.

> If any activities are scheduled, the number of activities appears in a red bubble on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any activities are scheduled, the number of activities appear in a red bubble on the
```

:guilabel:`🕘 (clock)` icon.

All activities for each application are further divided into subsections, indicating where in the
application the activity is to be completed. Each sub-section lists the number of scheduled
activities that are :guilabel:`Late`, due :guilabel:`Today`, and scheduled in the
:guilabel:`Future`.

.. example::
   In the *Time Off* application, one activity is scheduled to be done in the *All Time Off*
   requests dashboard, and six activities are scheduled to be done in the *Allocations* dashboard.

>    These requests appear in two separate lists in the all activities drop-down, one labeled `Time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   These requests appear in two separate lists in the all activities drop-down menu: one labeled `Time
```

   Off` and one labeled `Time Off Allocation`.

   .. image:: activities/activities-menu.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The list of activities that is accessed from the main menu bar. Two entries for the Time
            Off application are highlighted.

Request a document
------------------

At the bottom of the list of :ref:`all scheduled activities <activities/all>`, the option to

> :guilabel:`Request a Document` appears. Click :guilabel:`Request a Document` and a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Request a Document` appears. Click :guilabel:`Request a Document`, and a
```

:guilabel:`Request a file` pop-up window appears.

Enter the following information on the form:

- :guilabel:`Document Name`: enter a name for the document being requested.
- :guilabel:`Request To`: select the user the document is being requested from using the drop-down
  menu.
- :guilabel:`Due Date In`: enter a numerical value indicating when the document is due. Next to
  this field, a :guilabel:`Days` field is visible. Click :guilabel:`Days`, the default option, to
  reveal a drop-down menu. Select the desired time-frame option from the list. The options are
  :guilabel:`Days`, :guilabel:`Weeks`, or :guilabel:`Months`.
- :guilabel:`Workspace`: using the drop-down menu, select the specific :ref:`Workspace
  <documents/workspaces>` the document is being uploaded to.
- :guilabel:`Tags`: select any desired tags from the drop-down menu. The available tags displayed
  are based on the tags configured for the selected :guilabel:`Workspace`.
- :guilabel:`Message`: enter a message to clarify the document request in this field.

> When all the fields are completed. click :guilabel:`Request` to send the document request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When all the fields are completed, click :guilabel:`Request` to send the document request.
```

.. image:: activities/request-doc.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Request a file form, with all fields filled out to request a contract.

.. _activities/types:

Activity types
==============

To view the currently configured types of activities in the database, navigate to

> :menuselection:`Settings app --> Discuss --> Activities --> Activity Types`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:menuselection:`Settings app --> Discuss section --> Activities setting --> Activity Types`.
```

.. image:: activities/settings-activities-types.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Activity Types button in the Settings application under the Discuss section.

Doing so reveals the :guilabel:`Activity Types` page, where the existing activity types are found.

.. image:: activities/activity-list.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The list of activity types already configured and available.

Edit activity types
-------------------

To edit an existing :ref:`activity type <activities/types>`, click on the activity type, and the

> :guilabel:`Activity Type` form loads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
activity type form loads.
```
technically, this isn't what the page is titled on the UI...so a GUI is not applicable in this case, in my opinion

Author: I was torn, because the name doesn't appear when doing this specific flow, BUT the form is identical/is the same as the "acivity type" form- which does say those words when mking an activity in another way. Since it was the same fom, I used the GUI-BUT I completely understand your logic. I admit, i do not understand why they didn't have the title for the form appear here when it is clearly the same form.

> Make any desired changes to the :guilabel:`Activity Type` form. The form automatically saves, but it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make any desired changes to the activity type form. The form automatically saves, but it
```

> can be saved manually at any time by clicking the *save manually* option, represented by a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be saved manually at any time by clicking the :guilabel:`Save manually` option, represented by a
```

:guilabel:`(cloud upload)` icon, located in the top-left corner of the page.

Create new activity types
-------------------------

> To create a new :ref:`activity type <activities/types>`, click :guilabel:`New` and a blank

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new :ref:`activity type <activities/types>`, click :guilabel:`New` from the :guilabel:`Activity Types` page, and a blank
```

> :guilabel:`Activity Type` form loads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
activity type form loads.
```

    calendar to select a date and time for the activity.
  - :guilabel:`Request Signature`: if selected, a link to open a signature request pop-up window is
    automatically added to the planned activity in the chatter.

  .. note::
     Available activity types vary based on the installed applications in the database.

- :guilabel:`Folder`: this field **only** appears if :guilabel:`Upload Document` is selected for the
  :guilabel:`Action`.

  Using the drop-down menu, select the :guilabel:`Folder` the document is saved to.

- :guilabel:`Default User`: select a user from the drop-down menu to automatically assign this
  activity to the selected user when this activity type is scheduled. If this field is left blank,
  the activity is assigned to the user who creates the activity.
- :guilabel:`Default Summary`: enter a note to include whenever this activity type is created.

  .. note::
     The information in the :guilabel:`Default User` and :guilabel:`Default Summary` fields are
     included when an activity is created. However, they can be altered before the activity is
     scheduled or saved.

> - :guilabel:`Keep Done`: tick this box to keep activities marked as `Done` visible in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Keep Done`: tick this checkbox to keep activities that have been marked as `Done` visible in the
```

  :ref:`activity view <activities/activity>`.
- :guilabel:`Default Note`: enter any notes to appear with the activity.

Next Activity section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It is possible to have another activity either suggested or triggered. To do so, configure the
:guilabel:`Next Activity` section.

> - :guilabel:`Chaining Type`: select either :guilabel:`Suggest Next Activity` or  :guilabel:`Trigger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Chaining Type`: select either :guilabel:`Suggest Next Activity` or :guilabel:`Trigger
```

  Next Activity` from the drop-down menu.

  This does **not** appear if :guilabel:`Upload Document` is selected for the :guilabel:`Action`.
- :guilabel:`Suggest/Trigger`: depending on what is selected for the :guilabel:`Chaining Type`, this
  field either displays :guilabel:`Suggest` or :guilabel:`Trigger`. Using the drop-down menu, select

>   the activity to recommend or schedule as follow-up tasks to the activity type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the activity to recommend or schedule as a follow-up task to the activity type.
```

- :guilabel:`Schedule`: configure when the next activity is suggested or triggered.

  First, enter a numerical value indicating when the activity is suggested or triggered.

  Next to this field, a :guilabel:`Days` field is visible. Click :guilabel:`Days`, the default
  option, to reveal a drop-down menu. Select the desired time-frame option from the list. The
  options are :guilabel:`Days`, :guilabel:`Weeks`, or :guilabel:`Months`.

>   Last, using the drop-down menu, select whether the activity is scheduled or triggered either

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Lastly, using the drop-down menu, select whether the activity is scheduled or triggered either
```

Activities
==========

*Activities* are follow-up tasks tied to a record in an Odoo database.

.. _activities/important:

.. important::
   Throughout this document, the icon that is clicked to create an activity is referred to as an
   :guilabel:`Activity` icon. This icon changes appearance depending on what, if any, activities are
   scheduled for that record.

   The :guilabel:`Activity` icon may appear in one of the following ways:

    - :guilabel:`🕘 (clock)`: the default icon, which appears if nothing is scheduled.
    - :guilabel:`📞 (phone)`: this icon appears if a phone call is scheduled.
    - :guilabel:`✉️ (envelope)`: this icon appears if an email is scheduled.
    - :guilabel:`✔️ (checkmark)`: this icon appears if a to-do is scheduled.
    - :guilabel:`(group of people)`: this icon appears if a meeting is scheduled.
    - :guilabel:`(arrow pointing up above a line)`: this icon appears if a document is scheduled to
      be uploaded.

>     - :guilabel:`(pencil in a box)`: this icon appears if a signature request is scheduled.

Author: I agree- I went with 'importnat' because since this icon could look one of 7 ways, I wanted it clear that it's a changing icon. But I agree with you about an important block being jarring at the begining of a doc =)

I just reformatted what I have since it explained what was happening, and I thought it makes sense.

Schedule activities
===================

Activities can be scheduled on any page of the database that contains a :ref:`chatter
<activities/chatter>` thread, :ref:`Kanban <activities/kanban>` view, :ref:`list <activities/list>`
view, or :ref:`activities <activities/activity>` view of an application.

.. _activities/chatter:

Chatter
-------

Activities can be created from the *chatter* on any record.

To schedule a new activity, click the :guilabel:`Activities` button, located at the top of the
chatter. In the :guilabel:`Schedule Activity` pop-up window that appears, :ref:`fill out the
Schedule Activity form <activities/form>`.

.. image:: activities/chatter.png
   :align: center
   :alt: New activity type form.

.. _activities/kanban:

Kanban view
-----------

Another way that activities are created is from the *Kanban* view in an application.

When in an application, click the :guilabel:`(Kanban)` icon, represented by two bars beneath a
horizontal lime, in the top-right corner, and the data is displayed in a Kanban format.

.. image:: activities/kanban.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: The Kanban icon in the top menu, highlighted.

Author: I disagree only because this is the essentials doc, and the icons are not always called out/are not always intuitive. I know you cna read them when you mouse over it, but I know I wouldn't pick out this icon on my own. I do like keeping this in, since I think it is of value.

view <activities/activity>`.

Enter the following information on the form:

- :guilabel:`Activity Type`: select the type of activity from the drop-down menu. The default
  options are: :guilabel:`Email`, :guilabel:`Call`, :guilabel:`Meeting`, or :guilabel:`To-Do`.
  Depending on what other applications are installed, additional options may be available.

  .. note::
     Individual applications have a list of dedicated *Activity Types*. For example, installing the
     *Sales* application makes :guilabel:`Order Upsell` available, while installing the *Sign*
     application makes :guilabel:`Request Signature` available.

- :guilabel:`Summary`: enter a short title for the activity, such as `Discuss Proposal`.
- :guilabel:`Due Date`: using the calendar popover, select the activity's deadline.
- :guilabel:`Assigned to`: by default, the current user populates this field. To assign a different
  user to the activity, select them from the drop-down menu.
- :guilabel:`Notes`: add any additional information for the activity in this field.

.. image:: activities/schedule-pop-up.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of CRM leads and the option to schedule an activity.

> 

Author: It seees odd to have 2 images together, one after the other, so I removed the one that calls out the "Planned activities' and "today", figuring that at least is intuitive, so it's not super necessary to include.

If any activities are scheduled, the number of activities appear in a red bubble on the
:guilabel:`🕘 (clock)` icon.

All activities for each application are further divided into subsections, indicating where in the
application the activity is to be completed. Each sub-section lists the number of scheduled
activities that are :guilabel:`Late`, due :guilabel:`Today`, and scheduled in the
:guilabel:`Future`.

.. example::
   In the *Time Off* application, one activity is scheduled to be done in the *All Time Off*
   requests dashboard, and six activities are scheduled to be done in the *Allocations* dashboard.

   These requests appear in two separate lists in the all activities drop-down menu: one labeled
   `Time Off` and one labeled `Time Off Allocation`.

   .. image:: activities/activities-menu.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The list of activities that is accessed from the main menu bar. Two entries for the Time
            Off application are highlighted.

Request a document
------------------

At the bottom of the list of :ref:`all scheduled activities <activities/all>`, the option to
:guilabel:`Request a Document` appears. Click :guilabel:`Request a Document`, and a

> :guilabel:`Request a file` pop-up window appears.

Author: You are so right!

- :guilabel:`Folder`: this field **only** appears if :guilabel:`Upload Document` is selected for the
  :guilabel:`Action`.

  Using the drop-down menu, select the :guilabel:`Folder` the document is saved to.

- :guilabel:`Default User`: select a user from the drop-down menu to automatically assign this
  activity to the selected user when this activity type is scheduled. If this field is left blank,
  the activity is assigned to the user who creates the activity.
- :guilabel:`Default Summary`: enter a note to include whenever this activity type is created.

  .. note::
     The information in the :guilabel:`Default User` and :guilabel:`Default Summary` fields are
     included when an activity is created. However, they can be altered before the activity is
     scheduled or saved.

- :guilabel:`Keep Done`: tick this checkbox to keep activities that have been marked as `Done`
  visible in the :ref:`activity view <activities/activity>`.
- :guilabel:`Default Note`: enter any notes to appear with the activity.

Next Activity section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It is possible to have another activity either suggested or triggered. To do so, configure the
:guilabel:`Next Activity` section.

> - :guilabel:`Chaining Type`: select either :guilabel:`Suggest Next Activity` or :guilabel:`Trigger
>   Next Activity` from the drop-down menu.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion to explain that selecting an option in this field, affects the display of other fields
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Chaining Type`: select either :guilabel:`Suggest Next Activity` or  :guilabel:`Trigger
  Next Activity` from the drop-down menu. Depending on the selected option, either the
  :guilabel:`Suggest` or :guilabel:`Trigger` field is displayed.
```

>   This does **not** appear if :guilabel:`Upload Document` is selected for the :guilabel:`Action`.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion to place this in a note and avoid "This"
```suggestion
  .. note::
     The :guilabel:`Chaining Type` field does **not** appear if :guilabel:`Upload Document` is
     selected for the :guilabel:`Action`.
```

- :guilabel:`Suggest/Trigger`: depending on what is selected for the :guilabel:`Chaining Type`, this
  field either displays :guilabel:`Suggest` or :guilabel:`Trigger`. Using the drop-down menu, select
  the activity to recommend or schedule as a follow-up task to the activity type.
- :guilabel:`Schedule`: configure when the next activity is suggested or triggered.

  First, enter a numerical value indicating when the activity is suggested or triggered.

  Next to this field, a :guilabel:`Days` field is visible. Click :guilabel:`Days`, the default
  option, to reveal a drop-down menu. Select the desired time-frame option from the list. The
  options are :guilabel:`Days`, :guilabel:`Weeks`, or :guilabel:`Months`.

  Lastly, using the drop-down menu, select whether the activity is scheduled or triggered either
  :guilabel:`after previous activity deadline` or :guilabel:`after completion date`.

.. image:: activities/new-activity.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A new Activity form with all the fields filled out.

.. seealso::

>    - :doc:`/applications/productivity/discuss`

Reviewer 2: Update these paths to be relative please
```suggestion
   - :doc:`../productivity/discuss`
   - :doc:`../productivity/discuss/team_communication`
```

Activities
==========

*Activities* are follow-up tasks tied to a record in an Odoo database.

> .. _activities/important:

Reviewer 2: Suggestion to give this custom anchor a more descriptive name:
```suggestion
.. _activities/icon-display:
```
Or remove it since it is not used in this doc (however it is helpful to leave it for future references 🙂 )

Author: I was just checking that- i don't use this since I don't reference this anymore, so it's getting the ax!

     installing the *Sign* application makes :guilabel:`Request Signature` available.

- :guilabel:`Summary`: enter a short title for the activity, such as `Discuss Proposal`.
- :guilabel:`Due Date`: using the calendar popover, select the activity's deadline.
- :guilabel:`Assigned to`: by default, the current user populates this field. To assign a different
  user to the activity, select them from the drop-down menu.
- :guilabel:`Notes`: add any additional information for the activity in this field.

When the :guilabel:`Schedule Activity` pop-up window is completed, click one of the following
buttons:

- :guilabel:`Open Calendar`: opens the user's calendar to add and schedule the activity.

  Click on the desired date and time for the activity, and a :guilabel:`New Event` pop-up window
  appears. The summary from the *Schedule Activity* pop-up window populates the :guilabel:`Title`
  field.

  Enter the information in the :guilabel:`New Event` pop-up window, then click :guilabel:`Save &
  Close` to schedule it. Once scheduled, the activity is added to the chatter under the
  :guilabel:`Planned Activities` section.

  .. important::

>     The :guilabel:`Open Calendar` button **only** appears if the :guilabel:`Activity Type` is set
>     to either :guilabel:`Call` or :guilabel:`Meeting`.

Reviewer 2: Indent text in important admonition one more space please :)
```suggestion
     The :guilabel:`Open Calendar` button **only** appears if the :guilabel:`Activity Type` is set
     to either :guilabel:`Call` or :guilabel:`Meeting`.
```

      be uploaded.
    - :guilabel:`(pencil in a box)`: this icon appears if a signature request is scheduled.

Schedule activities
===================

Activities can be scheduled from many different places within the database, from the :ref:`chatter
<activities/chatter>` of a record, or from one of multiple views in an application, when available:
the :ref:`Kanban view <activities/kanban>`, :ref:`list view <activities/list>`, or :ref:`activities
view <activities/activity>`.

.. _activities/chatter:

Chatter
-------

One way that activities are created is from the *chatter* on any record.

Click the :guilabel:`Activities` button, located at the top of the chatter, and a
:guilabel:`Schedule Activity` pop-up window appears. :ref:`Fill out the Schedule Activity form
<activities/form>` to schedule a new activity.

.. image:: activities/chatter.png
   :align: center
   :alt: New activity type form.

.. _activities/kanban:

Kanban view
-----------

Another way that activities are created is from the *Kanban* view in an application.

When in an application, click the :guilabel:`(Kanban)` icon in the top-right corner, and the data is

> displayed in a Kanban format. Click on the :ref:`activity icon <activities/important>` located

Author: The only reason I don't want to do that, is because it will only look like a clock if nothing is scheduled. So if a user goes in and see's a different icon, i want them to be sure of what ti is. That's why I link the 'activity icon' phrase every time to the top portion that lists how they can appear. So while I understad your logic here, I have to politely disagree. I am thinking baout users reading this, interacting in a database that has things scheduled, and don't want them to think they can't schedule osmething because the icon is wrong.

- :guilabel:`Due Date`: using the calendar popover, select the date the activity should be completed
  by.
- :guilabel:`Assigned to`: by default, the current user populates this field. To assign a different
  user to the activity, select them from the drop-down menu.
- :guilabel:`Notes`: add any additional information for the activity in this field.

.. image:: activities/schedule-pop-up.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of CRM leads and the option to schedule an activity.

When the :guilabel:`Schedule Activity` pop-up window is completed, click one of the following
buttons:

 - :guilabel:`Open Calendar`: this button only appears if the :guilabel:`Activity Type` is set to
   either :guilabel:`Call` or :guilabel:`Meeting`. This button open the user's calendar. Click on
   the desired date and time for the activity, and a :guilabel:`New Event` pop-up window appears.
   The summary from the *Schedule Activity* pop-up window populates the :guilabel:`Title` field.
   Enter the information in the :guilabel:`New Event` pop-up window, then click :guilabel:`Save &
   Close` to schedule it. Once scheduled, the activity is added to the chatter under the

>    :guilabel:`Planned Activities` section.

Author: I moved the first sentence to the end, and rephrased it a bit, and added more spaces as well.

.. image:: activities/request-doc.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Request a file form, with all fields filled out to request a contract.

.. _activities/types:

Activity types
==============

To view the currently configured types of activities in the database, navigate to
:menuselection:`Settings app --> Discuss --> Activities --> Activity Types`.

.. image:: activities/settings-activities-types.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Activity Types button in the Settings application under the Discuss section.

Doing so reveals the :guilabel:`Activity Types` page, where the existing activity types are found.

.. image:: activities/activity-list.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The list of activity types already configured and available.

Edit activity types
-------------------

To edit an existing :ref:`activity type <activities/types>`, click on the activity type, and the
:guilabel:`Activity Type` form loads.

Make any desired changes to the :guilabel:`Activity Type` form. The form automatically saves, but it
can be saved manually at any time by clicking the *save manually* option, represented by a

> :guilabel:`(cloud upload)` icon, located in the top-left corner of the page.

Author: I htink I will leave it because the section is so short,  s it doesn't feel like too much 'extra' ifo (and it applies to all the forms, so I thik it's OK to keep it in here).

Create new activity types
-------------------------

To create a new :ref:`activity type <activities/types>`, click :guilabel:`New` and a blank
:guilabel:`Activity Type` form loads.

Enter a :guilabel:`Name` for the activity type at the top of the form, then enter the following
information on the form.

Activity Settings section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- :guilabel:`Action`: using the drop-dwn menu, select an action associated with this new activity
  type. Some actions trigger specific behaviors after an activity is scheduled, such as:

  - :guilabel:`Upload Document`: if selected, a link to upload a document is automatically added to
    the planned activity in the chatter.

>   - :guilabel:`Phonecall` or :guilabel:`Meeting`: if selected, users have the option to open their

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - :guilabel:`Call` or :guilabel:`Meeting`: if selected, users have the option to open their
```

    calendar to select a date and time for the activity.
  - :guilabel:`Request Signature`: if selected, a link to open a signature request pop-up window is
    automatically added to the planned activity in the chatter.

  .. note::

>      The actions available to select on an activity type vary, depending on the applications
>      currently installed in the database.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     Available activity types vary based on the installed applications in the database.
```

- :guilabel:`Folder`: this field **only** appears if :guilabel:`Upload Document` is selected for the
  :guilabel:`Action`.

   Using the drop-down menu, select the :guilabel:`Folder` the document is saved to.

> - :guilabel:`Default User`: select a user from the drop-down menu to automatically assign this
>    activity to the selected user when this activity type is scheduled. If this field is left blank,
>    the activity is assigned to the user who creates the activity.

Reviewer 3: This line renders kinda funky :upside_down_face: 
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/4cc23713-5e9f-43a6-ac70-55e959716ba9)

How about trying to put a blank line between this line and 293 right above?

```suggestion

- :guilabel:`Default User`: select a user from the drop-down menu to automatically assign this
   activity to the selected user when this activity type is scheduled. If this field is left blank,
   the activity is assigned to the user who creates the activity.
```

Author: I saw that in my make-fast but couldn't figure out the issue. A extra space didn't help either.  Turns out, I added too much space at the end of the line (early line break) and THAT'S why it did that! Who knew!?

  .. note::
     The information in the :guilabel:`Default User` and :guilabel:`Default Summary` fields are
     included when an activity is created. However, they can be altered before the activity is
     scheduled or saved.

- :guilabel:`Keep Done`: tick this box to keep activities marked as `Done` visible in the
  :ref:`activity view <activities/activity>`.
- :guilabel:`Default Note`: enter any notes to appear with the activity.

Next Activity section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It is possible to have another activity either suggested or triggered. To do so, configure the
:guilabel:`Next Activity` section.

- :guilabel:`Chaining Type`: select either :guilabel:`Suggest Next Activity` or  :guilabel:`Trigger
  Next Activity` from the drop-down menu.

  This does **not** appear if :guilabel:`Upload Document` is selected for the :guilabel:`Action`.
- :guilabel:`Suggest/Trigger`: depending on what is selected for the :guilabel:`Chaining Type`, this
  field either displays :guilabel:`Suggest` or :guilabel:`Trigger`. Using the drop-down menu, select
  the activity to recommend or schedule as follow-up tasks to the activity type.

> - :guilabel:`Schedule`: configure when the next activity is suggested or triggered. First, enter a

Reviewer 3: This is a very helpful field! I think it's a little hard to conceptualize generally, and I suggest keeping the first sentence:
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Schedule`: configure when the next activity is suggested or triggered.
```
Then, put the rest of the paragraph you wrote for this field in an admonition block :smile:, something like:

.. example::
   To schedule a follow-up call three days after the first call, do this...

Author: I prefer to keep the generic altogether so the steps aren't sepaarated. What I did was space itout, so visually it wasn't a huge chunk of text, so I added a few paragraph returns (each step has it's own paragraph now).
